https://codepen.io/raisinbrand/pen/GRpKjXp?editors=1000

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Adds meaning to the markup.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        For creating the "skeleton" of a website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        A attribute is one of the markups and you put it before and after a piece of code. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        "h1" is for a title, the largest of headers going from h1-h6. It can only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Navs and ids.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        <header>
    7. What is an id? 
        Unique identification to be called on.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        All elements can have it, I think.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        You can only use one id once.
    10. What is a class? 
        A class is an attribute that groups things together, and cab be used multiple times.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        I believe all can have them, except for headers and footers? Or you can, but it's not advised.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        <a href="url">link text</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        Provides alternate text to the image if you cannot view it.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        With a '#'.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
        Sections group things together and divs are important placeholders.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Adding style to a page, such as colors and borders and everything in between. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .className{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”"?
        .human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Something inside another, and can be useful for selecting specific things within a parent class.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A special state of an element, like hovering in CSS.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        word-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform:uppercase, lowercase, capitals
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border:_px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        body{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*Like this!*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        'pwd'
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        'ls'
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
        'rm.' This command removes files permanently, so caution should be exercised.
    34. Why should I use version control?
        It can track my changes made over time so I can recall to previous versions.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        After a section of work is done, or am important step that I got passed.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin yourFirstName-yourLastName.
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        We fork a project, then add a collaborator to it, then we clone it and when we're committing
        changes we do the add, commit, push combo to save our changes officially, once done we create
        a pull request to turn it in.
    
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Inline elements seem to take up space as necessary, and are for smaller lines of code that affect a specific
        lines of code like for something like an image. A block element takes up a new line and affects more than just 
        what the inline is around. For example: [This is a block element.] And this [is an inline] element.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        It will remain on the browser in its position even if the webpage is being altered and moved, or reshaped.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?


   --> 